Add note about Anycast and link to blog (#13862)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/calls/turn.md

Calls TURN service is available in every Cloudflare datacenter. 

> When a client tries to connect to stun.cloudflare.com, it *automatically* connects to the Cloudflare location closest to them. We acheive this using Anycast. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a client tries to connect to turn.cloudflare.com, it *automatically* connects to the Cloudflare location closest to them. We acheive this using Anycast. 
```

> When a client tries to connect to turn.cloudflare.com, it *automatically* connects to the Cloudflare location closest to them. We acheive this using Anycast. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When a client tries to connect to `turn.cloudflare.com`, it *automatically* connects to the Cloudflare location closest to them. We achieve this using Anycast routing. 
```
